Previously
on Motorheads...
Th-That was my mom. Said I
could stay here with you.
- If-If that's okay?
- Dude. yeah.
This is gonna be great.
You guys are Curtis's
best friends.
Do you know if he likes anyone?
Uh. Caitlyn would know
better than me. So...
I just want some
real competition.
You need to embrace the
danger. You're safe.
I can be dangerous.
Sounds like you're filling his head
with ideas that are gonna get him hurt.
Our car isn't ready.
- How long do you need?
- Three weeks.
Where are you going?
Let's get to work.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
This car's gonna make us famous.
You're gonna make this
car famous.
Okay. little by little.
Long way to go.
Yeah. thanks to Cate.
less than three weeks to do it.
Look. you do your part.
and we'll do ours. okay?
Also. can we pick up
the energy in here?
Here it is. The RGB Code for a '73
Charger's original Top Banana Yellow
is 255. 225. and 53.
- I know a guy who can mix it this week.
- Really?
Save us some money. Yeah.
Okay. yeah. uh. what about
our next shipment of parts?
It arrives tomorrow.
Yes!
That is the energy
we need. Thank you.
No. he's just excited
because the last parts for his
Sunfire are in that shipment.
True. but I'm also excited to get
this bad boy ready for the Z-man here.
Don't call me that.
Zac Attack?
Please start the power sander.
Wrap it up!
Mmm.
Why did you do that?
No power sanding after midnight.
Oh. sort of like Gremlins.
Sure. like Gremlins.
I mean. it's not
exactly like Gremlins.
It's missing the food element. which
I think gave it a certain level of...
Okay. s-stop. I don't even
understand that reference.
Also. we're not
bothering anyone.
Mom's at a medical
conference until Thursday.
Which means I'm in charge.
Y'all got school. Let's
go. Everybody out.
Hey!
Zac.
I'm tired.
Me too.
Hey. you wanna watch Gremlins?
No. Why do you always wanna
watch these weird movies?
They're
not weird movies.
Shop's closed. Cate.
Okay. little by little.
No more excuses.
I added a little something.
Now you're gonna
make your mark on this world.
I did it.
How's it feel?
Wish my crew was
here.
Oh. I'm your crew now.
Let's go take that guy's
keys. Let's get out of here.
I-I don't
wanna take his keys. bro.
Ah. it's the best part.
Yo. eyebrows.
Keys. Come on. I
ain't got all night.
Yeah. say goodbye.
There we go.
Pleasure doing business.
I feel kind of bad.
Ah. you get used to it.
Come on.
What happened to closing
the shop at midnight. missy?
Sometimes I
sleep better in here.
I can tell.
You know. your dad and I used to fall
asleep in this old thing too.
Probably why my back is so bad.
Hey. you ever try Pilates?
They say it helps. but that
machine... looks like a death trap.
What's up with those stirrups?
I never noticed this before.
I surprised your dad with that
right after we finished the car.
I'll tell you what.
when you finish. I'll put your
initials on there instead.
No. no. no. I want it
exactly like it was.
Why?
'Cause otherwise
what's the point?
Okay.
Do you think he'd like
that I'm doing this?
Is that why you're doing it?
I don't know.
Maybe.
- If he ever comes back.
- Cate...
I know he's not coming back.
okay? It's just a hypothetical.
I let you guys ramble
on about Gremlins. so...
can I?
If... he ever comes back.
I want it to look
exactly like it did.
Just like he remembers.
And I wanna be the one
that shows it to him.
You think about that a lot?
I think about every
version of every scenario.
Some are happier than others.
You know what I
think about the most?
It's stupid. but...
guess it matters to me because it's
on repeat in my head a lot. But. um...
I wonder if he knows
what I look like.
Come here.
There's no crying in auto
shop.
There is this morning.
It's a waste
of time and energy.
Your dad thinks it's important.
It's like any other day.
No. it's your mom's birthday.
First one without her.
I wanna be there for you.
What time should I come over?
Harris?
Doesn't matter.
I won't be there.
I told you. I went for a walk.
In the middle of the night?
I needed some fresh air.
What about the night before?
Dude. You
keeping a daily log?
I was in the bathroom.
Now I know you're lying.
Were you with Alicia?
I wish.
Dude. you can tell me.
all right? I'm a vault.
Vault. huh?
- Not really. Don't... Don't tell me.
- What?
- I was about to cave.
- That vault stuff was misleading.
I can't keep a secret
to save my life.
Please do not put that pressure on me.
- I won my first race last night.
- Well. now you're just messing with me.
No. I'm serious. I've been
racing with Ray Young.
- Who else knows?
- Just you.
Damn it.
That's why I've
been sneaking out.
Dude. Ray's a criminal.
Look. he's
done some bad stuff. sure.
- But haven't we all?
- I don't think so.
Look. I asked Logan to train me.
He said no.
Ray said yes.
You should've seen me out there.
I would've liked to.
We all would've.
We're your crew. not Ray.
It wasn't the same
without you guys.
But right now. no
one can know. okay?
I liked this better
when it was about Alicia.
It was never about Alicia.
- Hey.
I. uh. I heard
you're racing Harris.
Good news travels fast.
- It sounds like bad news actually.
- You don't think I'm gonna win?
I think he'll do whatever
he can to make sure you don't win.
I know plenty of
guys like Harris.
I don't think you do.
Who are you rooting for?
Now we can start the video.
You waited for me?
We've been sitting here in the
dark for. like. ten minutes.
Sorry.
- Who are you texting?
- It's Brooke.
Oh.
Uh. tell her I say hi.
I slept
in UNB10 last night.
Is that why you look so tired?
- I look tired?
- That's not... Not bad tired.
Is there a good tired?
All right.
She send you. like. a
funny meme or something?
No.
Well. uh. just a little
under two weeks left.
Our last big shipment comes
in today after school.
And then we can paint.
Yeah. I won't be there
right after school.
Why?
I told Brooke I'd take
her for a ride on my bike.
Is that cool?
Pay attention.
This part is crucial.
It's about windshield wipers!
Which are lifesavers
in a rainstorm. Okay?
Which reminds me. guys. we're getting
a video on hydroplaning next week so...
- Awesome.
- Whoo.
You seem annoyed.
Nope.
Just. you know. surprised.
We've been waiting weeks for these parts.
I figured you'd be a little excited.
Yeah. you know. honestly. I
thought I'd be more excited too.
This was supposed to be fun.
Yeah. well. we agreed to
build this car together.
Yeah. when I thought it was
gonna be months. Or even a year.
I never agreed to this
impossible timeline.
It's not impossible.
Three weeks is insane.
Caitlyn. You know that.
Just come whenever you're ready.
Uncle Logan. where is it?
New
shipment's over there.
- Nice to see you too.
- Hi.
Oh. my God.
Brake master cylinder.
stainless exhaust tips.
oh. my God. the
thermostat housing...
- Anything for the Sunfire?
- I haven't seen anything yet.
- but I-I'm... I'm sure it's all in there.
- Let me see that packing list.
Um. uh. here you go.
- What. it's not there?
- Let's take a ride.
There's a parts store in
Oakmont that'll have what we need.
Oh. well. you don't have to
make an extra trip for me.
I just wanna get your
car out of my garage.
It's taking up valuable real estate.
Zac. you're coming too.
Where's Oakmont?
- Forty minutes away.
- Pass.
You're the reason why
Marcel needs these parts.
You got something better to do?
- No.
- Yeah. no. no.
he's got nothing going on
he's not telling us about.
- Right. Zac?
- Dude. relax.
- Cate. you good?
- Yeah. I got plenty to keep me busy.
All right. boys.
Road trip.
What the hell?
Chill out. What the hell?
Dude. we're literally just
going for a ride quietly.
Hey. uh...
so. uh. about fifteen minutes
in. I'm gonna welcome everybody.
I'll say a few things and
then. uh. pass it off to you.
Pass what to me?
So you can say something.
Why are we doing this?
- It's your mom's birthday.
- And she's gone.
It's weird. We're having cake
with a bunch of strangers.
Well. they're not strangers.
These are people who loved your
mother. cared about her. They miss her.
Who are they?
I don't know.
They. uh.
they took down the Bowers Hardware
sign on my way to school today.
- Wow. That was fast.
- They didn't even tell you?
Well. we don't own the buildings anymore.
I sold them to protect your future.
You've done nothing
for my future.
Okay. well. you know what. you
drive a Porsche for Chrissake!
Everything that I do is for you.
- You opened the shipment without me?
- Thought you were sightseeing with Brooke.
I canceled.
You were right. today's a
big day. I should be here.
Well. now I feel bad.
Don't feel bad for me.
I don't feel bad for you.
I feel bad for Brooke.
I'm sure she was excited
to hang out with you.
Mmm. What makes you say that?
She's into you.
How do you know?
At White Knuckle Run. she asked
Marcel and I if you liked anyone.
What'd you say?
Said I didn't know.
She's cool.
- Playing matchmaker now?
- No.
You wanna see what we got?
Sure.
- Welcome to Mopar heaven.
- Yeah.
We have a flywheel. right tail light lens
'cause the left one's still in good shape.
disc brake spindles. hood
hinges. and check this out.
original speedometer.
I mean. come on.
This looks brand new. Wow.
All right. well.
let's get to work.
What are you working on?
The horn button.
It's not going so well.
- Interesting.
- What?
It's just
you're actually human.
Stop enjoying this.
Oh. my God.
You can't figure it out.
No!
I got you.
You know how to install it?
I wanna
show you something.
Hey!
White Knuckle Runner-up.
Didn't your name
used to be up there?
Let me guess. you're getting a new sign
that lights up. so no one can miss it.
My dad sold the building.
And the
rich get richer.
Wow.
Hey. Richie Rich.
You hungry?
What's up with moody
pants over there?
Why are you asking me?
'Cause you share
a room with him.
He hasn't said much to
me in a couple weeks.
I just moved in.
It's not like he's been sharing
secrets with me.
Why'd you just
take a deep breath?
I-I didn't.
- It was borderline cartoonish.
- Just leave him alone.
I will...
you tell me what's up.
Otherwise. he's about to break.
I know
nothing. Really.
Wait. guys. what's going on?
Well. h-how about some music?
Huh? W-We got pop. rock.
it doesn't feel like a rap moment
to me. but I'm game if you are.
I asked for your
help. and you said no.
You asked me to fix
Marcel's car. I'm doing it.
Yeah. because it's Marcel.
Just like you do anything
for Cate. But not for me.
Wait.
Is this about that racing thing?
You really gotta move on.
I already did. Right. Marcel?
What does that mean?
I... I think we should just
enjoy the open road.
Windows down. No music. No talking.
We can make a game out of it.
See who can stay
quiet the longest.
- I had a race last night.
- What?
- Zac lost.
- I won.
I was talking about
the quiet game.
But I guess we never
officially started.
Turns out I didn't
need your help.
We finally upgraded.
That's smart.
Yeah. You gotta adapt
to stay in business.
Yeah.
Say hi to your niece for me.
She reminds me a lot of you.
- Yeah?
- Mmm.
She's something else. huh?
Cate's not even here and
she's still getting air time.
Dude. I think you're about to
get more air time than you want.
- What happened to the vault?
- Just slipped.
You know how hard it was keeping
your secret locked up like that?
What? Bro. I told
you a few hours ago.
Well. they say the first
day is the hardest.
Nobody says that.
Zac.
Here comes
your air time.
He's paying.
You sure
you wanna do this?
I mean. I feel a little dirty about it.
but as long as you don't tell anyone.
Hey. I promise. I promise.
And if at any point you wanna
stop. we just press pause.
- You ready?
- Yeah.
Okay.
Once the horn button's removed. we
just wanna double check for ground...
- Pause it. Pause it. Pause it.
- Oh. my God.
I just have to know. This isn't
how you built your bike. is it?
It's not how I built
most of my bike.
But it helped me when I needed it. Just
like it's gonna help you right now.
Oh. don't be such a snob. just watch.
You'd be surprised how much you can learn
from a YouTube video. okay?
Trust me. I know.
- Hey. come on. I forgot about your dad's...
- It's fine.
No. you know what. we...
we can take a break.
It's fine. Seriously. I wanna figure out
this horn button so we can just move on.
Just press play.
You sure?
...positive and the terminal itself.
We'll round on the axle steering
shaft. And we'll touch this...
Alicia.
Do you have any idea
where Harris is?
Um. no. but. uh.
I'll try him again.
He'll be here.
And now. the guy's got no ride.
I mean. who races for pinks
without a backup plan?
Right. and the guy's like. "Please.
please. don't take my car."
So. uh. what'd you do?
So. I grabbed his keys. and I drove
his sorry ass home in his car.
It was the saddest
ride of shame ever.
What's Daddy's boy
doing over here?
I invited him.
You're joking. right?
If you have a problem.
Mateo. you can leave.
So you're gonna tell Mom?
Haven't thought that far ahead.
Why don't you tell
me about it first?
- About what?
- The race.
What do you wanna know?
Everything.
It was scary.
at first.
then... fun.
Fun how?
Like a dance.
I let him lead at first. you
know. let him feel special.
Then what?
We danced.
Cheek to cheek.
Then I ended it.
Sounds like you're
gonna do it again.
Do you remember...
Do you remember Dad's first win?
Like it was yesterday.
Remember it's just you and the car out
there. all right? Nothing else matters.
It's us out there.
Always us.
Go get 'em.
Something
clicked for him that day.
After that win.
He knew it.
So did I.
Like something in
his eyes changed.
I-I feel different now too.
Did... Did Dad ever
race for pinks?
Like... Like did he ever
take someone's keys?
Never.
Legends don't need trophies.
- Hey. it fits perfectly.
- Yeah. but it looks different.
- It's aftermarket.
- Yeah. but it works just the same.
But it's not. okay? I don't
want generic parts in this car.
Where the hell is the
invoice for this thing?
Ah. it's fine.
No one's gonna see it.
I'm gonna see it.
Everything has to
be exactly the same.
Why?
It just does. okay?
My dad built this with all original parts.
so that's exactly what we're gonna do.
Okay. All right.
Well. you know what? You... You
take it off. I'll find the invoice.
Think I saw it over here anyway.
You might wanna see this.
- You found the invoice?
- No.
Then I don't care.
I think you will.
- Spider Lake. Michigan?
- Flip it over.
- What is this?
- I don't know.
but I think we're both probably
thinking the same thing.
This is about my dad.
I mean. should I...
should I call the number?
You should probably give it to
Logan and let him handle it.
Yeah. that's
what I should do.
No. Cate. come on.
Okay. what does this mean?
What does this mean?
Like. was my dad spotted?
Does he... Does he live at Spider
Lake? Was he just passing through?
- I mean. is this. like. a... Is it a joke?
- I don't... I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know.
If
it's him. I need to know.
Hello.
Hi. Um...
Um... ...I'm
calling 'cause I. uh...
I got a postcard from
Spider Lake. Michigan.
and. uh. this number
was on the back.
Who is this?
Uh. Caitlyn Torres.
I'm. uh...
I'm Christian Maddox's daughter.
All right. I got the last bill. Who's up?
- Paycheck comes tomorrow.
- I barely had anything.
- Sorry. What was that?
- Really. dude? A fake phone call?
And it's your turn.
- I'm not paying for him.
- It's fine. I. uh...
I got it. All of it.
You're just a poser who thinks
he can buy his way into our crew.
You take that Porsche
away. and you're nothing.
Poof. Like you
never even existed.
Oh. you want it.
- What?
- My Porsche.
Beat me. and it's yours.
I'm just a poser. right?
It should be an easy win.
Unless. of course.
you're the poser.
- Bro. you just got challenged.
- Yeah. what happened to your phone call?
All right. let's do it.
There's a question you
haven't asked me yet.
I can't figure out why.
Who's training you?
Ray Young.
I've learned a lot from him.
Like taking someone's keys?
That's why you asked
about your dad. right?
Ray said I'll get used to it.
At least he said yes
when I needed someone.
- Thank you for coming.
- Of course.
It was beautiful.
Hey. where were
you? You missed it.
Now you show up?
I don't need your money anymore.
Harris.
what's going on?
Hey. at least say something.
You'll never guess what we got.
Don't tell me you found the part
we just drove two hours for.
No. but. uh...
I may have found our dad.
What are
you talking about?
Look at this.
I called the number on the
back and a woman answered.
and when I told her who
I was. she hung up on me.
Are you gonna look at it?
What are you not telling us?
Do you know where our dad is?
What is that?
I call these the
"postcards to nowhere."
I used to chase them.
Go on long road trips
spending all my money.
Wanted to believe he was still out
there. but none of these led to him.
I used to get one or two a week.
Now it's one every
few months.
Guess you got that
one before I did.
It's not him. Cate.
It'll never be him.
Sorry. guys.
Hey. it's okay.
We should take the night off.
No. we're running out of time.
You said you wanted to finish the
hood... Listen. if we work together.
- then we might actually...
- Yeah. look. You were right.
This should be fun. and
right now it isn't fun.
So. yeah. I think shop's
closed for the night.
Guess I'll head to the diner
and see if Brooke needs help.
Anyone wanna come?
I could use a shower. and you
know. a night in my actual bed...
...so. uh. I'll pass.
Yeah. I have
something I gotta do.
You coming?
See you guys later.
- All right. Good night.
- Night.
- Love you.
- Love you too.
- Good night.
- Night.
That thing you gotta do.
Is it with Ray?
I told you. He's helping me.
Sit down for a second.
Okay. first...
...your mom would kill me if I
trained you. so there's that.
But also...
I was afraid.
I trained your dad. Zac. He
was my ticket outta here.
We were supposed to take
over the racing world.
That was the plan.
That didn't happen.
Instead. I...
I lost him.
We all lost him.
'Cause when you're that good.
the wrong people find you.
- I'm not that good.
- Maybe you're not yet.
But Ray sees something in you...
and he is the wrong person. Zac.
I ain't gonna let
that happen again.
What are you saying?
I'm saying I'll train you.
But the right way.
On a track. Not the street.
You wanna race. we do it official
with all the safety precautions.
B-But what about Mom?
She won't like it.
but she'll like it better than you
going rogue and sneaking out at night.
I have a race tonight.
Nah. you don't.
Ray is expecting me.
I'll deal with him.
Who's the girl?
She's a friend.
Just a friend.
Your mom would've liked tonight.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
People told stories
about her and laughed.
Hmm.
Your dad seemed happy.
Like it helped him.
I don't know. Maybe. uh...
maybe he needed that.
Hmm.
You don't look at me anymore.
I feel like there's something
you wanna say to me.
Your dad took away my legacy.
- His company bought some buildings.
- No. they weren't just...
they weren't just
buildings. It's...
And. Alicia. I'm
not blaming you.
I just can't...
I don't know. I just can't
look at you like I used to.
- Things are different for me too.
- Since the new guy moved here?
- No.
- Hmm.
Since...
I just...
I miss the old Harris Bowers.
Ah.
Well. he's. uh. gone.
For what it's worth...
I like the new car.
Me too.
- I'm gonna go help her out.
- Okay.
- Hey.
Do you wanna take that ride now?
Right now?
We're. like. super busy.
Go ahead. I got it
from here. Brooke.
Oh. Uh. table five.
Sweet.
- I'm all sweaty and gross.
- No. I-I think you look great.
Um. I
guess I'll go grab my jacket.
Great.
Be here.
Man. looks like. uh.
business is slow.
Yeah. well. I've been focused
on other things right now.
Like what?
As much as I'd love to
catch up. I got somewhere to be.
A race?
Uh. he's good.
He could be great.
He won't be there tonight.
- What?
- Zac.
Whatever your plan
for him is. it's over.
He's not training
with you anymore.
He's with me now.
He still owes me a car.
He said he won you
a car last night.
- You're even.
- Nah. that's not how this works.
Just stay away from him. Ray.
I'm telling you. you
dig in on this...
won't end well for you.
There he is.
The old Logan.
You've never met the old Logan.
This your secret make-out spot?
No.
No. no. I didn't bring you here to make
out. I just... I thought you'd like it.
You gonna get off your bike?
- That better?
- Mm-hmm.
Unalaska. Alaska? What
does that even mean?
I think it means that if
you hate Alaska. you'll love it there.
Kickapoo. Kansas.
Okay. That's disgusting.
I don't even wanna know
how they came up with that.
So. Logan went to
all these places?
Seems like he went to
a lot of them. yeah.
Maybe part of him felt.
like. responsible.
- He said he's gonna train me.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- Hmm.
He doesn't know about the race with
Harris though. so don't tell him.
I'm a vault.
What?
Nothing.
Where's the postcard you got from?
Spider Lake. Michigan.
That's a badass name.
If our dad was
hiding out somewhere.
might as well be a place
called Spider Lake. right?
You know. Dad's car...
is more than a car for me.
I've always known that.
Even before the crazy
Harris race deadline though.
I just felt connected to it.
Like it was Dad.
I keep saying that everything has
to be exactly the same as it was.
like. the color. the parts.
Just all of it.
Logan and Curtis
both asked me why...
and I think...
deep down. I thought
if I could...
rebuild it exactly
like it was...
I know I'm never gonna meet him.
I just...
I figured if I could. like.
turn the key
and hear the engine...
it would be like hearing his
voice for the first time.
I feel him when I'm driving.
Just like you do when
you're working on his car.
But we gotta keep
moving forward.
You ready?
Yeah.
You go first.
Goodbye. Kickapoo.
Take that. Unalaska.
This car's gonna make us famous.
You're gonna make
this car famous. hmm.
But when it's all over. and you know.
you've broken every record. what then?
House on a lake.
Raise a family.
Sounds nice.
Remember when Mom and Dad took us to that
lake in Michigan? We didn't wanna leave.
Yeah.
Spider Lake.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm